https://codepen.io/absahota/pen/VwwyxVo 

Base questions
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Tags that have meaning. Meta-description of the content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Build the structure of webpages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Inside the first tag or within a self-closing tag. An attribute is essentially the settings of the tag type. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Page header. For UX and accessibility reasons only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        !DOCTYPE
    7. What is an id? 
        A way to specify an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        All 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        ids are only used once
    10. What is a class? 
        An identifier to specify a type of content regardless of position or tag type
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        infinite
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target tag _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        Alt text to be shown if the content can't be loaded or for accessibility
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id in CSS
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is semantic. Div is for presentation
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling the structure
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        just state the element type
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class to style multiple types of content like subsection of the page. ID for specific content where you want call out differences in previous CSS statements. I want a specific button to be red I'd use an ID. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Used when elements are nested within another element type. Useful when you need to be more specific for tagging. E.g. nav anchor links versus all anchor links
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector that detects for a certain conidition or state in order to be active
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform property, uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm . it gives you no prompt and its permanent
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        traceability, collaboration
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        when there is notable changes to your markup or program, but ensure it is consistent
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push origin branchname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork lambda file 2. add collaborators 3. clone 4. create branch 5. merge into the personal repo as required

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline is within the content. block is posiion separately and height and width attributes.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        position according the parents position
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        set it as inline-block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        block - submit, p, img. in-line - span, anchor. inline-block - textare
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        box model is the space the content area fills on the page. there are outer areas to the content piece. they the padding, border, and margin. similar to a picture frame. there different boxmodel settings to be used. 